[Music]
okay you ready oliver was
walking near the river in the evening
when a group of people dressed in black
caught him
all of them were wearing masks their
leader offered oliver three options
they could throw the guy into the sea
with hungry piranhas
he could choose to end up in the ocean
swarming with sharks
or he could opt for a river with hippos
what should oliver choose to survive
piranhas only live in fresh water the
guy should pick the sea with the
piranhas
an expedition set up camp in the middle
of a desert
they were planning to spend several days
in that place but when they woke up
their truck had disappeared luckily they
had enough food to last a week
but no power and little water but there
was more to come
three days later one of the team members
disappeared
the leader of the expedition questioned
the remaining people
michael said he had been wandering
around trying to find water
emily said she had been playing games on
her smartphone
evelyn claimed they had been sleeping
all day long to save energy
and henry said he had been preparing his
research paper in his tent
now who's lying
[Music]
emily in three days her phone would have
already run out of battery
there are 100 books on a shelf to count
off 10 of them
you'll need 10 seconds how much time
you'll spend
counting off 70 bucks
it will take you 30 seconds you'll need
this time to count off 30 books
and the remaining ones will add up to
70.
sophia's sister chloe visited her on
saturday
the women had a meal and talked about
their lives chloe had been promoted
her husband had recently presented her a
diamond ring
and they were going to have a vacation
in hawaii chloe didn't have
such amazing news she only listened to
her sister
and complained about life right after
lunch
chloe felt unwell she paled and lost
consciousness
sophia called an ambulance they rushed
chloe to a hospital
and hardly had enough time to save her
life it turned out the woman had been
poisoned
the police came to sofia to ask her a
couple of questions
she was shocked we ate the same food i
cooked chicken and made a vegetable
salad
nothing exotic after examining the food
the police officers arrested sophia for
trying to poison her sister
but how did she do it
the poison was in the bottle with the
salad dressing
chloe added some vinaigrette to her dish
while sophia didn't touch the bottle
the moral stop complaining so much
a small cafe in boston is called nine
lanterns
but there are only seven lanterns
hanging outside
the owner knows about this mistake and
can easily correct it
but he doesn't why
[Music]
when the wind took away two lanterns
some time ago the man wanted to replace
them
but before he could do it he noticed
that more people started to come into
his cafe
they told him two lanterns were missing
and then stayed to drink coffee
jackson came to visit his friend aiden
who he hadn't seen in ages
they had a great time gossiping and
drinking tea
but jackson had completely forgotten
aiden had one quirk
he loved making up riddles and never let
anyone leave his house without cracking
one or two of his newest ones
this time his question was what do you
swallow
that can swallow you can you help
jackson get home
hey it's already late
the answer is water jackson was smart
enough to know he won't be able to leave
aidan's house after just one riddle
true to his expectations another riddle
was waiting for him
what is lower with a head on top than
without it
[Music]
jackson took his sweet time but
eventually he realized the right answer
was
a pillow could he go home now
apparently not yet but aidan promised it
would be the last riddle for the evening
he told his friend hannah's birthday is
on january 23rd
but she always celebrates it in the
summer why
luckily jackson had just returned from
his trip to australia
he immediately realized that hannah
lived in the southern hemisphere
there january is the hottest month of
the year
students knew they would have an exam on
friday but their strict professor didn't
tell them the exact time
when one guy gathered enough courage to
ask about it he got a weird reply
if eleven plus two equals one
ten plus six equals four if you manage
to figure out the answer
you won't miss the exam do you know when
the student should meet with their
professor
[Music]
at 4 pm 11 o'clock plus 2 hours is 1 pm
then 10 o'clock and 6 hours is 4 pm
james called his wife mia and told her
he would be at home by eight o'clock
they didn't plan anything special for
that evening but when he arrived at two
minutes past
eight the woman was furious why was she
so angry
[Music]
mia thought her husband would come home
by 8 pm but he appeared at 802
am the next morning uh oh
look at these two ladies they both seem
to be filthy rich
but only one of them actually is can you
figure out who's
fake rich
[Music]
it's the girl on the left she's taking a
photo with a luxury car in the
background
but there's someone in the driver's seat
and this person looks rather shocked
[Music]
one elderly man could only use a public
telephone to make his calls
once the phone stopped working the man
informed the phone company
he waited and waited but no one came to
fix the phone
several days later the man visited the
company again
and said something the day after the
phone was working again
what did the man say
he said people use the phone to make
calls without paying
look at this picture attentively what's
wrong with it
the picture the woman is holding is
empty then
where's the milk coming from mark has
always been jealous of his friend liam's
achievements
this week they're both taking part in a
battle of wits
mark decides to do everything possible
to win this time
and the first task is to guess the word
it has seven letters
and it is very heavy but if mark takes
away two letters
he'll get eight if he takes away one
letter he'll get 80.
what word is it
[Music]
the first riddle is a success mark finds
the right word
it's weighty the next question is even
trickier
a man went around the world in a ship
and still
he was always inside of land how is it
possible
[Music]
it doesn't take mark long to figure out
the man was in a spaceship
orbiting earth the next thing mark knows
he's locked in a room
wow there are four doors there he's
entered through one of them
and he can't use it again the first door
leads to the room with high voltage
wires hanging above the wet floor
behind the second door there's a
water-filled room swarming with piranhas
and the third door hides a room where
acid flesh-melting rain
is falling from the ceiling which door
is more or less safe to enter
[Music]
mark opted for the first door and didn't
regret it
it was safe because he didn't let his
body come into contact with the wires
and the wet floor
at the same time it turned out the next
task was the last one in this
competition
mark was looking forward to finding out
the winner but first
he had to do some brain work the world's
tallest tower is finally finished
it took five years to build it every
next year
the construction doubled in height how
many years did it take the tower to
reach half its current height
[Music]
four years if the tower grew twice
taller
every year it had to be half of its
final height a year before it was
completed
and if you're wondering about the
results of the competition it
ended in a tie duh luna has two friends
jack and owen on her birthday the girl
wants to go to the movies with the guys
but they don't know each other and
luna's worried they might feel
uncomfortable
but there's also another problem she
spent
way too much money this month but if she
invites the guys she's going to pay
now she's trying to understand what is
cheaper to invite both guys at the same
time
or go to the movies with each of them in
turn can you help luna
[Music]
it'll cost the girl less to invite her
two friends at the same time
this way she'll only have to buy three
tickets if she goes with each of them
she'll pay for four tickets it was a
sunny summer day without a single cloud
in the sky
the ship was in the harbor there were
many people on the shore
they gathered there to look at the
vessel suddenly the ship started to sink
there was nothing wrong with it and all
of its systems were functioning
correctly
the weather was fine and the sea was
calm but the ship still
disappeared in the blink of an eye what
happened
well nothing unexpected submarines are
supposed to travel underwater